# MS Learn AI Labs

## General Azure artificial intelligence

Microsoft Azure Artificial Intelligence (AI) strategy and solutions
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-artificial-intelligence/


Get started with AI on Azure
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/get-started-ai-fundamentals/


## Azure Machine Learning Service

Create no-code predictive models with Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/create-no-code-predictive-models-azure-machine-learning/


Create a Regression Model with Azure Machine Learning designer
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/create-regression-model-azure-machine-learning-designer/


Create a classification model with Azure Machine Learning designer
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/create-classification-model-azure-machine-learning-designer/


Create a Clustering Model with Azure Machine Learning designer
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/create-clustering-model-azure-machine-learning-designer/


Use Automated Machine Learning in Azure Machine Learning
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/use-automated-machine-learning/


## Azure Bot Service

Create Intelligent Bots with the Azure Bot Service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/create-bots-with-the-azure-bot-service/


Build a bot with QnA Maker and Azure Bot Service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-faq-chatbot-qna-maker-azure-bot-service/


Add conversational intelligence to your apps by using Language Understanding Intelligent Service (LUIS)
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/create-and-publish-a-luis-model/


## Computer Vision

Explore computer vision in Microsoft Azure
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/explore-computer-vision-microsoft-azure/


Process and classify images with the Azure Cognitive Vision Services
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/classify-images-with-vision-services/


Detect objects in images with the Custom Vision service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/detect-objects-images-custom-vision/


Classify images with the Custom Vision service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/classify-images-custom-vision/


Classify images with the Microsoft Custom Vision Service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/classify-images-with-custom-vision-service/


Detect and analyze faces with the Face service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/detect-analyze-faces/


Read text with the Computer Vision service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/read-text-computer-vision/


Analyze images with the Computer Vision service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/analyze-images-computer-vision/


Analyze receipts with the Form Recognizer service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/analyze-receipts-form-recognizer/


Discover sentiment in text with the Text Analytics API
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/classify-user-feedback-with-the-text-analytics-api/


Classify and moderate text with Azure Content Moderator
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/classify-and-moderate-text-with-azure-content-moderator/


## Computer Speech

Evaluate text with Azure Cognitive Language Services
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/evaluate-text-with-language-services/


Explore Natural Language Processing in Microsoft Azure
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/explore-natural-language-processing/


Process and Translate Speech with Azure Cognitive Speech Services
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/process-translate-speech-azure-cognitive-speech-services/


Recognize and synthesize speech
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/recognize-synthesize-speech/


Translate text and speech
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/translate-text-with-translation-service/


Create a language model with LUIS
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/create-language-model-with-luis/


Synthesize Text Input to Speech
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/synthesize-text-input-speech/

